the medical diplomacy of Cuba
I entered the times without frontiers that
tomorrow, the sociologist Julius
fante silva she for more than 30 years
Cuban medicine studies this issue
Cuban doctors to the then around the
world is not a very large number
doctors is very interesting.
this story because when the
revolution is half of the doctors in
cuba half escaped to miami as it remained
with only three thousand doctors and only had
14 university professors from
threat of medicine end up in medicine
but the very large investment was
which will lead to the fact that he was a doctor
this system of medicine change make a
community medicine in the
large number of doctors are to live
within communities and make a
preventive medicine and gave some cuba
today have comparable health
even better than the United States
in the country of europe with my country of the world
which has the highest number of per-
capita is 12 7% one thing
extraordinary three times a year
that the states themselves and with
doctors for decades has been
send medical teams to countries
to countries where there are disasters
is a program that is
considered by the World Health
health as a model for the rest of the
world to são joão gonçalves would like
the Cuban model
was noted by other countries
in which the doctor lives within the
community where the doctor is 24 hours
to the patients in that place
where I live is very interesting the system
and now Brazilians will live with
these doctors
so what she says is that in many
countries such as venezuela in bolivia
where there are a large number of
of human physicians
there was enormous resistance from
associations of local doctors as is
happening in Brazil because because there are
resistance to changing the model is a
different model is a much more
much more communitarian, then there is
enormous resistance of the doctors were
formed within another model is
this innovation is a revolution in
medicine
so she explains why there are so many
more resistance than many countries like
venezuela is night in south africa
the middle banks ended up getting very
and the people who are served
with them, millions of
people in the world have benefited
600 thousand cases of blindness even caused
due to vitamin deficiency were
treated and cured by Cuban doctors
in Africa is something that people
have to take off the hat
human medicine is an example for a
good and just remembering that without timely ae
frontiers with our point Jorge goes
air tomorrow at 11 midnight and not
lose in Brazil